When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
I'd want to use a remote repository for the following reasons:
1. So I can share the project with others
2. So I can access the project from several different machines

Describe the difference between forks, clones, and branches. When would you 
use one instead of another?
A fork is a copy of a repository out on a repro server such as Github
A clone is a copy of a repository on my local machine.
A branch is a labeled commit.
I'd use a fork if I wanted to base some new work off of an existing
project, but did not want my commits and pushes to be part of the original 
repo.
I've use a clone when I wanted to work on a project in a repo that I wanted 
to be able to push changes to.
I'd use a branch when I want to make changes to the local repo that are not
on the master branch.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote 
stored locally?
It lets use compare the state of our local copy to what has been shared 
on the remote site. Also, it lets us merge the changes from the remote site 
into our local copy.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier,
and what would be harder?
There are lots of different collaboration platforms available, but Git and
GitHub are pretty convenient to use.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly
in master? What benefits does each approach have?
If I'm collaborating with others then I would want to make my changes on a 
branch and push my branch with a pull request so that others can examine my 
changes before they get merged into main. It lets the proposed changes be 
worked on until they are ready to be added to master. Whenever I make a change 
I always do it on a branch, test it, and then merge to master once it has 
passed all testing and reviews, so I have no comments for making changes 
directly to master. In my mind, master should always contain known good code.
